(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 7)
Stop right there.
What are you doing in my house?
"My house"?
How did you find my house?
I knew there was something strange about you.
I knew it when you insisted to pay me back.
I noticed when you talked about N-Gaon.
How dare you come to my house when I'm not home?
Did you take a picture of yourself giving me money?
Never, ever! You'll never see me again.
I'm so sick of dealing with you.
You two knew each other?
General Manager Min.
I thought you went to pick up Eun Seok.
Eun Seok?
She's Eun Seok?
Yes.
Oh, my goodness.
I... I...
I can never make that much money.
Are you going to take only 5,000 dollars?
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
You lowered yourself when it was 20,000 dollars,
but now that it's 5,000 dollars, you act proud.
You're so hopeless.
Are you a beggar?
Your humble self is back...
now that the debt is back down to 5,000.
I'll pay back 5,000 dollars.
Stop putting on a show...
if you won't pay the full 20,700 dollars.
Could you lend me 20,000 dollars?
But how do you two know each other?
Why isn't she coming in, General Manager Min?
The vice-chairman is here.
Don't let my parents know.
- Why is everyone outside? - Father.
You're here, Eun Seok.
Good to see you. It's good to see you.
What brings you this far, Vice Chairman Choi?
I saw her belongings at the door but not her.
Let's go in.
Let's go.
Yes.
Why are your hands empty, Do Kyung?
I thought you were buying the cake.
Oh, it's in the car. Go in first.
Okay.
What's wrong? Do you remember something?
Do you remember anything?
Pardon?
You might remember.
We've been living here even before you were born.
We kept your room, but Mother just renovated it.
- I see. - Let's go.
Yes.
Is that how you accept an apology?
Because I don't want your apology.
I bet something urgent came up.
When something urgent happens to you,
can I not be mad of whatever happens to me?
"Someone like me?" What kind of person am I?
You trampled over me.
How can you say you did it out of noblesse oblige?
You weren't doing me a favor.
You're taking credit with your parents' money.
That was pathetic.
Don't be so rude.
Do I still look like a beggar to you?
Think why I brought you 20,000 dollars...
as you count these bills.
This is insane.
This is horrible.
She's here.
What was she doing outside?
She met Do Kyung in front of the house.
Eun Seok.
Nice... Nice to see you too.
Don't say that. I'm your mom.
What else should she say?
That's true.
Come. Have a seat.
Yes.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
Take it to the kitchen.
I'm home.
Yes. Have a seat.
Let's introduce each other.
You already know about us.
So Seo Hyun and Do Kyung should... Well...
Introduce yourselves.
I'm Choi Seo Hyun.
I'm 23 and in my last year at a music college.
My major is the cello.
Nice to meet you. I'm Seo Ji...
I'm Choi Do Kyung.
I'm the manager of our Strategic Planning Team.
- What? - Why would you...
talk so formally to your younger sister?
Right.
My name is Choi Do Kyung. No.
I'm Choi Do Kyung.
Welcome back.
Why do you treat her like an outsider?
Seo Hyun may not remember her, but you do.
I barely remember her, Mother.
And it was so long ago.
Those memories...
don't match with her.
Do you remember about your grandfather?
Yes. I heard he spends most of his time...
in Hawaii due to his lung problems.
Is that what the rumors say?
That's true.
His lungs just don't function well.
If it leaks to the public, it'll affect the business.
Who spoke about that?
Ji An, this is for you.
I thought you'd find your room unfamiliar,
so I got scented candles and perfume to relax you.
I didn't know what you would prefer,
so I just bought what seemed fit.
Please understand that.
Oh, thank you.
I'm sure Do Kyung got you something too.
Pardon?
Oh, the cake?
It's in the kitchen so it won't go bad...
He got her a basket of flowers.
You have a good sense.
Open it.
How did you get this, Do Kyung?
Put this on her yourself, Do Kyung.
- Me? - It's fine.
It's better that way since it's from you.
She wouldn't feel comfortable about that.
I'll give it to her later.
Did you prepare anything?
I bought this for your university admission...
when you became 20.
Do Kyung and Seo Hyun have one too.
Is it a fountain pen, Father?
Why don't you open it?
Congratulations on getting your real name back,
my dear daughter.
Thank you. I'll use this well.
I didn't know your taste,
so I decorated it to my liking.
Do you like it?
Yes, the room looks so great.
Thank you.
My pleasure.
Don't thank the helpers like that.
Pardon?
They are paid handsomely.
They're just doing their jobs.
Thank people when they help you.
"Well done" would do for situations like this.
Oh, I see.
Rest for a bit.
I'll call you when lunch is ready.
Okay.
What do I do?
Why is he...
Why is he my brother?
Why is she...
How can this happen?
Goodness, this is bad.
Mr. Choi.
- Is it lunchtime already? - No.
I was just worried.
- You're worried? - What's going on?
How do you know Ms. Choi Eun Seok?
I don't know the exact story.
But consider that your sister has suffered...
a great deal throughout her life.
I hope you can be considerate of her.
What do you mean by that?
Are you saying that I might despise my sister...
because of some troubles from the past?
I've never seen you get that furious before.
General Manager Min.
Remember whom you're talking to.
- Yes. - Whatever happened,
even if she was an enemy whom I wanted dead,
it was before I knew that she was my sister.
Is it my fault that's how she grew up?
No, it's not.
It's because of the kidnappers and my mom.
Eun Seok is nothing but a victim.
I'm sorry.
I have been worried for nothing.
That tends to happen when people grow old.
They start to worry about pointless things.
I do understand why you'd be worried.
Yes, some things did happen between us.
Yes, it's true.
But it's none of your business.
My parents don't need to know either, right?
I understand. I saw nothing.
Jerk.
I practically raised you.
That's right. I'm right.
This isn't Eun Seok's fault.
Is it her fault that...
she turned out to be disobedient, rude,
and haughty?
No, it's not. Of course it's not.
It seemed like she had a big ego.
If she was raised in our family,
she would have become quite arrogant.
Must I walk for two hours in the rain?
Is that what I am?
Ji An.
Hyuk.
She behaved like that...
because of that guy.
All right. I, Choi Do Kyung,
will accept you as my sister.
Who is it?
It's your brother.
My brother?
Can I come in?
I have something to tell you.
Do you like your room?
Yes.
Don't you think this is quite a funny reunion?
You must have felt awkward as well.
I did.
Let's forget about how we met again...
and what happened in our past.
We were brother and sister,
and it happened because we didn't know each other.
With that in mind, can I introduce myself again?
It's nice to meet you.
I'm Choi Do Kyung, your older brother.
I'll be your older brother.
We already introduced ourselves earlier.
I'm sorry about what happened before.
Won't you shake my hand?
Are you making fun of me now?
Making fun of you?
Why would I?
You're my sister whom I got back after 25 years.
These are the facts.
You're Choi Eun Seok, my sister who went missing.
And I'm your older brother, Choi Do Kyung.
Can we change these facts?
No.
Since we can't, I will embrace your past...
and accept you.
It's just that I'm quite flustered right now.
I don't know what to say in this situation.
And it's awkward too.
Take out your phone.
- Why? - You blocked my number.
Let's take our first step by unblocking my number.
Shouldn't we take Dad to the hospital?
Dad firmly refused going to the hospital.
He said a little bit of rest will do.
It's just that he's so quiet.
He just ran a bit.
He wouldn't pass out from running a bit.
It's because he could neither sleep nor eat.
Trust me. I know.
But Mom.
Why did Dad come back?
I thought he went back after seeing Ji An.
Didn't he come to send her off?
To say goodbye?
I don't think that's why he came back.
He ran to stop Ji An from leaving.
That's right.
He was found lying on the street.
I don't understand him.
I don't think he had to stop Ji An.
It's only fair for him to let her go...
if he cares about her.
That's right.
I'm sad, but we ought to let her go.
There are some things you can't understand.
Don't bother him. Let him get some sleep.
Ji Tae, I thought you had a seminar at work.
And Ji Ho, go to the academy and study.
I'll go when Dad wakes up.
Dad!
Mom. Where's Dad?
Ji Soo. Why are you here?
Ji Soo called me.
So I told her that Dad passed out.
Why would you tell her such a thing?
Dad.
I'll take good care of you.
I'll take care of you in place of Ji An.
I'm your real daughter.
I'm your biological daughter.
Dad wanted to get some rest.
He told us not to wake him up.
Did he?
- Come out. - Okay.
Is Dad really sleeping?
Isn't he sick?
Why did he pass out on the streets?
Is it anemia?
Ji Tae, take Ji Soo out with you.
Let's go. We'll talk on the way.
Are you a faucet?
I'm going to kill Seo Ji An.
He ran after her, but she just left.
It was the car that was leaving.
How could he stop a car?
Exactly. She shouldn't have gone to begin with.
I even told her I wouldn't be her sister.
You can't understand Ji An?
No, I can't. I just can't understand her.
Why not? She'll give you a bigger allowance now.
Ji Tae!
(Soo A)
I'm too busy to talk right now.
I'll call you back later.
Hold on. Wait.
Listen to me.
- I'm on my way... - I said I'll call later.
You're unbelievable, Ji Tae.
I want to go.
I don't understand him.
It's only fair for him to let her go...
if he cares about her.
(Haesung Corporation)
(Franchise contract)
(Haesung Corporation No Myung Hee)
(Franchisee Yang Mi Jung)
What is all this?
There are so many.
Since this is our first dinner in 25 years,
Mom prepared something special.
This isn't what we do every day. Don't worry.
Okay.
All right. Shall we begin our welcome-home dinner...
for Eun Seok?
Let's make a toast to Eun Seok.
Eun Seok, that's water. Raise the other glass.
Oh, okay.
Welcome home.
Thank you.
Our cook used to work at the Blue House.
He's very good.
I should start by using the outer one, right?
The meat is a little tough today.
I don't think Eun Seok would like it well-done.
No, it's very delicious.
You can answer slowly when you eat.
You shouldn't talk with your mouth full.
And when you use the cutlery...
Let's take things slow. This is her first day.
Mom told me to help her, so I was just being nice.
You should get along with her first.
If there's anything you want to know, ask her.
I don't know anything about her yet.
Her school, major, and past.
Can I ask her things like that?
Not here.
You didn't give us any information about her.
Why would you need information about her?
About how she lived for the past 25 years.
There's no reason for us to know about that.
This is just the beginning.
What will you do with Eun Seok from now on?
What's your plan?
You'll see after your grandfather comes home.
Make sure not to leak the news about her until then.
When is Grandpa coming?
He'll be here to see Eun Seok on Chuseok.
Just leave it there.
Get up.
Pardon?
Before we have dessert,
I will give my gift to Eun Seok now.
Well, you don't have to give it to me.
I'm not giving it to you.
I'm putting it on you.
Oh, it's okay. I'll do it myself.
I'm glad that you're back safe. Thank you.
Thank you.
It looks pretty.
You got her a good one.
I agree.
Just a bit more balance...
and it'll be much better.
Ms. Min, give a call to the aesthetic shop...
- and the hair salon. - Yes, ma'am.
This is her first day. Give her a break.
As it's her first day, she needs a fresh new start.
It looks like...
as if she's in someone else's house.
I want 6 of this and 2 of that.
Mi Jung. Yang Mi Jung!
- Hae Ja. - Gosh.
What a coincidence!
I was about to visit you, but here you are.
I heard Ji An had left.
Haesung came here to pick her up, right?
How did you know that?
The laundryman in your neighborhood saw that.
How could you do that to me?
You should've let me see Ji An before she left.
It just happened somehow.
- I want five big ones. - Okay.
What are you buying abalones for?
Is Tae Soo home?
Tae Soo must have become ill...
just as Ji An left, right?
I knew it.
Poor Tae Soo. He loved Ji An so much.
What's with you and all this grocery shopping?
Oh, this?
My husband is coming.
Is he coming back from Vietnam?
When? Why all of a sudden?
Where did he go?
He even folded back his bedding.
(Franchise Contract)
He didn't even hear me out yet.
What if he collapses in the streets again?
Seriously.
The number you've dialed is switched off.
Leave a message after the beep.
He even turned off his phone by anger.
Grandpa.
Grandpa. Can't you hear me?
- Me? - Yes.
I'm talking to you, Grandpa.
All right. I'm an old man.
Why?
You are wearing mismatched shoes.
Your mom won't be happy to see that.
I'm sorry, sir.
Darn it!
It must've been a while since you got a massage.
You have flaky skin.
Well, right.
I thought I was getting my hair blow-dried.
Your hair is damaged, so you need treatment first.
An unemployed woman in her 20s got a loan...
of 20,000 dollars without security?
Isn't it a private loan?
Even a loan shark needs security.
Hang on.
If it's a woman in her 20s,
would that be a collateral in and of itself?
But you'll give her 20,000 dollars?
It's not like she's your wife or girlfriend.
She's nobody yet. 20,000 dollars?
I'm overreacting, right?
Of course, I am.
But the thing is, I can't sit back and do nothing.
It's your money,
so I don't really have anything to say.
But if I were to give you a piece of advice...
You said you're expanding your woodworking shop.
Weren't your savings meant for that?
Do you think I'll blow my business money...
just because of a girl?
And even if I offered it,
Ji An wouldn't just take that money.
I'll tell her to pay me back in installments.
I have a very delicate palate,
and the bread here perfectly suits my taste.
I don't do things like that.
Pardon me?
I don't sell my bread to other stores.
My cafe is 330m².
I'll order at least 50 of them a day.
Then I absolutely can't.
I only make a set number of bread a day.
- Then you can make more. - Why should I?
If you sell 50 of that to my cafe each day,
how much will you make a month?
Why should I do such calculations?
I won't sell them to you.
Goodness.
Unbelievable.
Mr. Kang, Mr. Kang.
Why don't you want a contract with her cafe?
Because I'm not interested in making money.
But you are making money.
I mean, people line up to buy your bread.
Why don't you want to make money?
Just go home.
Our bread for today is all sold out.
They sold out earlier than usual today.
It's only 4:30pm now.
I can run petty errands for you.
Goodness, didn't you run out of the store...
the other day looking like a crazy girl?
Don't act like you care about me.
Just leave if you want to be helpful.
Okay, then.
I already paid for this.
I wanted to give it to my dad.
Ji An. Even without your help,
I decided on the price for the chair and bought it.
I even found his online shop.
You just wait and see.
I'll make sure that this crush on Mr. Sun...
has a happy ending.
But how can I make sure it has a happy ending?
I gave him my number,
but he hasn't even called me.
That basically means no.
Right, Ji An?
What did I just do?
Gosh, don't do that. I'm such an idiot.
Ji An, you're so mean.
Why do you keep popping up in my mind?
Shall I go there and act like I ran into him?
Yes.
I don't need you, Ji An.
I thought of a way to meet him without your help.
You wench.
(Women Only)
The number you have dialed is not available...
What's going on with Soo A?
You've been ignoring my calls and messages.
Are you hibernating because it's Sunday?
I've waited for an hour outside your building.
Call me when you get up.
(Ji Tae)
Soo A.
Haven't you made up your mind yet?
Will you do it or not?
I'll do it.
It's just a blind date. You took ages to decide.
Then I'll set a time and date for it.
Okay.
(Ji Tae, 4 missed calls)
(Ji Tae)
Did you call me?
Eun Seok is back.
Go greet her.
She seemed so nervous and uncomfortable earlier.
Sure.
Hi, Eun Seok. You're back.
I'm back.
My, look at you, Eun Seok.
You're even prettier dressed up like this.
It's not complete yet, but you look pretty good.
With a little more work, you'll look perfect.
What's wrong? You don't like it?
It's not that.
I was just coming home,
so I thought all this makeup and new clothes...
were a bit too much.
You're our family now,
so I wanted everything to be perfect.
I didn't have...
time to prepare these things before, you know.
My gosh, who are you?
Oh, my. You look amazing, Eun Seok.
You look gorgeous, my little sister.
Mom, you were right.
It looks like her past has been totally wiped clean.
Little sister,
how do you feel being reborn?
I'm feeling all right.
I do look like a different person.
Eun Seok.
- Can I come in? - Of course. Come in.
Take it. It's your allowance.
Gosh, it's okay.
I've waited for this moment for 25 years.
Thank you.
I'm sure you don't feel at home here yet.
You must feel awkward around us too.
There's no need to rush though.
You'll get comfortable with everything in time.
Right.
Let me take you out on a date later.
Okay.
Tae Soo.
Oh, Mr. Kang.
I sincerely apologize.
I missed work and didn't even call you.
Are you packing up now...
so you can take responsibility and quit?
I heard that you hired someone.
I hired him for only four days.
Your phone was off.
How was I supposed to know when you'd be back?
Does that mean...
We've worked together for so long.
You've never done that before,
so I thought something must've happened to you.
Unpack right away.
Thanks, Mr. Kang.
By the way, why did you turn your phone off?
Oh, it ran out of battery.
Come join me for soju.
Okay, I'll be right there.
- Hello? - Tae Soo.
Why was your phone off?
Mr. Jang? Is it you, Seok Doo?
- I'm home. - Hey.
Mom, how's Dad holding up?
Dad went back to Daejeon.
He went back?
Why did he go back already?
Being here reminds him of Ji An,
so he probably didn't want to stay any longer.
He has business in Daejeon, you know.
He should've taken this.
My gosh, what's this?
He seemed too exhausted.
And this is yours, Mom.
Why did you buy one for me? I'm fine.
Chuseok is just around the corner, you know.
By the way, are you okay, Mom?
I said I'm fine.
I'm talking about letting Ji An go like that.
Among us, you must be the most upset.
It'll be better for her future, you know.
You are all old enough to move out...
and start your own lives.
Ji Tae, I'll go to Daejeon and give it to Dad.
On my day off this week,
- I'll go... - Forget it!
He'll come home for Chuseok,
so you should give it to him then.
Let's give him some time and space...
so that he can pull himself together, okay?
All right.
Then at least you should take one right away, Mom.
Your eyes look exhausted these days.
I don't want you to collapse...
because of someone who left us.
Take this, okay? Come on.
Here.
I'm happy to see you taking it.
Come in.
Have breakfast with us tomorrow.
At 7am.
7am?
That's when Mom and Dad eat.
Do Kyung too.
I join on special days if they tell me to.
Usually, I eat depending on my lessons.
Thanks for telling me.
Ms. Min asked me to.
Then I should thank Ms. Min.
For giving me an excuse to talk to...
my sister whom I haven't seen in 25 years.
You can speak just fine.
Why not around Do Kyung?
He's trying really hard to be nice to you.
Do you fear men?
He even got you a necklace.
Yurmes' chief designer made a limited number...
for Audrey Kelly's 100th birthday.
Only 50 were imported.
I see.
I made a preorder too but couldn't get one.
This is for you then.
Can I really have it?
But I can't take your gift from Do Kyung.
The design isn't my taste.
You don't like the design?
She threw out all job-finding books.
Why didn't she take this?
Good morning, sister.
Did you sleep well?
Yes.
You had a long day, but you're up early.
Won't you greet me good morning? I did.
Did you sleep well?
She won't call me, "brother".
I said I'd be her brother.
Why is it so bland?
The vegetables are bland and so is the fish.
Is the soup not to your taste?
No, it's fine.
They're wild pine mushrooms.
Seo Hyun.
Pine mushrooms contain vitamins B1, B2,
and ergosterol which are good for you.
You know what ergosterol is, right?
No, I don't.
It's a steroid found in ergot,
yeast, and mushrooms.
When exposed to sunlight, it becomes vitamin D2.
So it's also called provitamin D.
What is ergot?
I don't know that either.
We have a meeting and must leave now.
Eun Seok.
Go shopping with this.
Go shopping for what?
You can buy whatever you need,
but you must spend every single cent.
That's your mission for today.
It's 30,000 dollars.
3... 30,000 dollars?
Take my car.
Tell Ms. Min. She'll have Mr. Myung on standby.
No, I'll take a bus.
Mr. Myung will drive you.
Your mom can come with me.
Okay.
Isn't her first mission a bit too tough?
It's barely enough to get a decent watch.
Though she won't have the guts yet.
Exactly.
She reminds me of the first time...
I set foot in your home.
(79 dollars)
- I'll take one. - Yes, just a moment.
Here.
This check's for 1,000 dollars.
Yes. Can you not give me any change?
You have to spend over 60 percent of the amount.
Okay. Thanks.
How am I to spend 30,000 dollars?
It's impossible.
This is the cheaper brand you asked for.
This would look great on Ji Soo.
- Can I have one of these? - Sure.
Wait. Can I have one of these bags too?
Yes.
Excuse me.
Get me a new one of these, please.
Thank you.
Here's your latte.
These are free samples. Taste them.
I don't like bread.
I feel bloated when I eat it.
The flour...
probably isn't the reason for that.
Bread made only with flour is fine.
It's the additives that cause that sensation.
Trust me, and try these.
No, thanks.
This is mocha bread.
These are chestnut and sweet pumpkin bread.
There's sweet pumpkin bread?
What's wrong?
It's delicious.
Isn't it? It's so good you want to cry, right?
You really appreciate it.
Our chef has a special kneading technique.
You don't sell any food for the customers yet.
I'll bring you some if you want.
Where is your bakery?
How is your 20,000-dollar girl?
Problem solved.
Really? How?
I'll tell you later. It's complicated.
It's not solved if it's complicated.
(Mom)
Gi Jae, my mom's calling. Let's talk later.
Yes, Mom.
The department store?
It's so obvious that she'll be struggling.
Go, and help her.
Sure, I'll do that. Bye.
What a hassle.
However, I am her older brother.
We have to send some staff to the PR event.
You two have to go to Hongdae.
- Hongdae? - The youth gather there.
Okay, sir. We'll give out our business cards too.
Good. And hand over your duties to the other team.
Yes, sir.
(Soo A)
What's up?
Are you cheating on me?
You ignored all my texts and calls yesterday,
and now, you ask what's up?
I slept all day yesterday.
We're currently busy with a tax investigation.
Oh, I see.
Then you can't have lunch today?
What about dinner tomorrow?
I'll be out, and I might finish early.
Tomorrow?
I think I have to work late tomorrow too.
Really?
Soo A, you really are busy, aren't you?
Bye.
Oh, well.
Thanks for coming to Daejeon.
What?
I was glad to have an excuse to leave home.
But why do you look so old all of a sudden?
What about you? Have you been getting shots?
Your face is all smooth and shiny.
Me? Don't I look younger?
It's because I do everything I want.
Don't you care about Hae Ja?
I feel terrible for not being able to tell her.
Do you think she doesn't know...
that I have another family in Vietnam?
Did you tell her?
Whenever I am about to tell her,
she gets worked up and stops me.
So I haven't told her yet.
You are making no sense.
She'd throw a fit if she found out.
Tae Soo.
We've both been married for over 30 years,
but you still know nothing about women.
Women...
Our wives are all the same. They know.
Our food is here. Forget about our wives.
Why do you want to start a business?
Why? You sent Ji An to a rich family.
They must have given you something.
Ji An moved in with them,
so I must really succeed now.
You worked hard for your entire life.
You're over 60 now.
You put food on the table.
You now need more than food to make a living.
Does your wife still complain?
Well, women really never stop complaining until...
their coffins are nailed shut.
Just like our wives.
- Eat up. - Stop talking nonsense.
Just tell me about your friend's business seminar.
Where was it tomorrow?
Hello.
Hello, is this Ms. Yang Mi Jung?
Yes, that's me.
I'm Han Mi Young...
from Haesung FNB.
Oh, hello.
Thank you for sending the signed contract over.
I heard the details from Ms. No.
Ms. Yang sent the signed contract,
so I put things into action.
She sent it already?
That was earlier than we expected.
She had no choice. Her husband's a daily laborer.
Give them your full support.
And don't tell Eun Seok until they tell her.
What do you mean?
The sooner she knows, the sooner she can...
forget about them and fit in with us.
It'll only be a few days.
They'll tell her when the store's ready to open.
If they tell her we gave them the store,
it will cause a rift between them.
It means admitting that they got paid.
You're right.
Your plan is more efficient.
Then I won't tell Eun Seok.
Mr. Myung.
I think I'll be here a while.
I'll stay until the store closes.
Go somewhere else, and take a break.
I'll give you a call.
(Choi Do Kyung)
Why's he calling?
Hello.
- Mom. - Ji An.
I'm busy, so I'll just leave these here.
What's all this?
This is Dad's shirt and jacket.
I didn't get pants because I don't know his size.
Here's a blouse and shoes for you.
Try them on now.
Why did you buy all these?
And these are for Ji Tae.
A new bag and a few ties.
His only bag is so worn out.
I got Ji Ho sneakers and workout clothes.
For when he goes to study.
Ji An, wait.
The other three are for Ji Soo.
For whom?
Oh, dear. Ji Soo.
You're just on time.
I thought I'd miss you.
Try this on.
I found something that would look...
just perfect on you. What do you think?
Hey, watch out. You'll tear it.
Ji Soo.
What are you doing?
Mom, I'll call you later.
Ji Soo.
Seo Ji Soo.
Seo Ji Soo. What's wrong?
Don't do this again.
We aren't beggars,
ex-Seo Ji An.
Will you please stop this?
Dad collapsed while running after you.
He ran after your car, and you ignored him.
Dad... Dad ran after me?
So how is he?
Is he okay?
I won't tell you.
Why won't he stop calling?
Hello?
Where are you?
What's this about?
I just asked where you are.
Dad's not in.
Yes, I took photos of you, mister.
Mom told me to help you,
so I'm on my way to the department store.
What?
Are you not at the department store?
Are you done already?
No... No, I'm still here shopping.
I'll be there in 30 minutes.
Pick up right away when I call.
Do you know which store I'm at?
Mom told me.
Okay, see you.
You witch.
You couldn't even say you were coming here.
Ji Soo, take these...
Ji Soo!
Did you see her off?
Why won't you scold me?
You did well.
I... I did well?
She needs to settle in over there.
(Eldest daughter)
What is it?
Mom, I heard that Dad fainted.
Did he faint while running after me?
He just felt dizzy from anemia.
He got better right away and went to Daejeon.
Don't worry about it.
He's really okay, so don't worry.
And don't do what you just did today.
Bye.
Mom.
Thank you.
Keep these for me. I'll come for them later.
Yes, miss.
- Thank you. - Sure.
What an idiot.
Hello?
Where are you? I'm here.
Are you here already? I'm in the ladies' room.
Excuse... Excuse me.
Can I get the bags I left with you?
Here you go.
Thank you.
Hello.
You took all these to the toilet?
Leave them at a store or the information desk.
Oh, I should have.
- Are you done? - It's fine.
What did you get?
Well, this and that.
Women go for clothes first,
so that should be done.
- Purses? - Yes.
- Watches? - That too.
- Shoes? - Shoes too.
I have everything I need.
You still have money left.
- Come with me. - No, I can manage.
Mom told you to spend everything...
for a very good reason.
I'm too tired to shop anymore.
I'll talk to her.
Okay, then.
Then let's go home.
Give me that. I'll go home with Mr. Myung.
Well... Hey!
You must be hungry. Let's get a bite before we go.
I'm okay.
I'm your older brother. I'll buy you dinner.
No, it's okay. I'm not hungry.
I ate something before you came.
If you are hungry...
From now on,
you'll be enjoying many things.
Once you get their trust.
Can't we go home without talking to each other?
But as you know, trust is not something...
you can easily get from someone.
That sounds a little strange.
Since I haven't lived with them, do I have to...
get their trust to become their daughter?
Of course.
Whatever you think now,
it's only correct where you used to live in.
You know people have different thoughts.
So we have our own rules here.
I know that.
If you really know that,
give this money back to your boyfriend.
You can't break up with him with the debt.
- My boyfriend? - Who lent you this money.
Did you tell him...
- about our parents? - No.
I don't have a boyfriend.
- You don't? - No.
Break up with him.
I have a male friend, but I don't have a boyfriend.
Men and women can't be friends.
People have different ideas about that.
And this is...
It's hard to be your older brother.
Well, don't be.
What?
You don't have to care about me.
We both feel so uncomfortable.
You don't have to do this.
They're home.
What took them so long?
They just went to the department store.
I guess they caught up on old times...
talking about their past.
We're home.
You're late. Did you two catch up on old times?
I arrived at the department store late.
I couldn't help her shop. I just carried her stuff.
Let me see if you have an eye for fashion.
Well... Okay.
Not that one. I want to see the receipts.
Pardon?
Did you not get the receipts?
Men's shoes. Men's clothes.
Sportswear. Running shoes.
Necktie.
Bag.
Dress. Bag.
I have the receipts...
for the things you don't have here.
I told you to buy something for you.
But the half of them are for your old family.
Well... I was...
Your family must've been happy. It's okay.
Why does she not tell Mom the truth?
Don't do that ever again though.
Money should be spent...
for what the owner of it wants.
Okay. I understand.
Why isn't she telling Mom they didn't accept it?
I'm home.
I'm late because of my practice for the concert.
Why are you wearing that necklace?
Did you take it from your sister?
No. Eun Seok gave it to me.
She gave it to you?
I said I wouldn't take it because it's your gift,
but she gave me it saying it's not her style.
Okay.
I need to talk to you.
Boyfriend?
Eun Seok says she doesn't have a boyfriend.
She borrowed 20,000 dollars from me before.
She borrowed 20,000 dollars?
The money was from you?
The money?
No, nothing.
So did you give her the money?
I did.
It might not be about a boyfriend.
But she sounded serious. I'm worried about that.
I should've checked up on it sooner.
Okay. I'll work on it.
It shouldn't leak. I need you to take care of it.
Okay.
Whether you are Choi Eun Seok or Seo Ji An,
You are a lot of work.
We stay in a separate building.
Hyuk, why are you calling me at this hour?
I'm sorry. My work finished late.
Then you should call me tomorrow.
I had to tell you something today.
I need you...
to answer my questions truthfully.
What? 20,000 dollars?
Are you calling me at this hour because of that?
I got the money back.
Are you out of your mind? Why do you even care?
What?
Is he asking her for money?
What? Now? It's late.
I can't see you now.
- I'll go to your place. - Don't do that.
I can't see you today. I'll see you tomorrow.
I'll see you tomorrow at noon. I have to go.
What's wrong with him?
What's wrong with you?
Did I startle you?
What is it?
Who do you think I am?
Do you think I'm someone you can talk to like that?
I've had enough of this.
You're just going too far.
I knew you'd be like that though.
What are you talking about?
What was your name? Seo Ji An?
Get out of our house now.
- What? - Get out of this house!
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
(My Golden Life)
You just awoke a sleeping lion.
What on earth did you do?
Pay it back with this. Get out of it now.
Do you like me?
Why does it sound like a scolding?
We don't belong to each other.
He's not your boyfriend?
I'll have to take care of her.
I want to get married.
You said you'd never get married.
I just can't...
pass down poverty to my children.
Ji Soo, are you happy?
There hasn't been a moment...
that I wasn't happy.
But I'm unhappy now.